<!-- NOTICE: Do not edit this file manually.-->
<!-- This file is automatically generated by Elastic Package -->

# UniFi Integration for Elastic

## Overview

The UniFi integration for Elastic enables collection of ...
This integration facilitates ...

### Compatibility

This integration is compatible with ...

### How it works


## What data does this integration collect?

The UniFi integration collects log messages of the following types:
* ...

### Supported use cases


## What do I need to use this integration?


## How do I deploy this integration?

### Agent-based deployment

Elastic Agent must be installed. For more details, check the Elastic Agent [installation instructions](docs-content://reference/fleet/install-elastic-agents.md). You can install only one Elastic Agent per host.

Elastic Agent is required to stream data from the syslog or log file receiver and ship the data to Elastic, where the events will then be processed via the integration's ingest pipelines.



### Onboard / configure


### Validation


## Troubleshooting

For help with Elastic ingest tools, check [Common problems](https://www.elastic.co/docs/troubleshoot/ingest/fleet/common-problems).


## Scaling

For more information on architectures that can be used for scaling this integration, check the [Ingest Architectures](https://www.elastic.co/docs/manage-data/ingest/ingest-reference-architectures) documentation.


## Reference


### Inputs used

These inputs can be used with this integration:
<details>
<summary>udp</summary>

## Setup

For more details about the UDP input settings, check the [Filebeat documentation](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/beats/filebeat/filebeat-input-udp).

### Collecting logs from UDP

To collect logs via UDP, select **Collect logs via UDP** and configure the following parameters:

**Required Settings:**
- Host
- Port

**Common Optional Settings:**
- Max Message Size - Maximum size of UDP packets to accept (default: 10KB, max: 64KB)
- Read Buffer - UDP socket read buffer size for handling bursts of messages
- Read Timeout - How long to wait for incoming packets before checking for shutdown
</details>


### API usage

These APIs are used with this integration:
* ...


# Common Event Format (CEF) Integration

This is an integration for parsing Common Event Format (CEF) data. It can accept
data over syslog or read it from a file.

CEF data is a format like

`CEF:0|Elastic|Vaporware|1.0.0-alpha|18|Web request|low|eventId=3457 msg=hello`

When syslog is used as the transport the CEF data becomes the message that is
contained in the syslog envelope. This integration will parse the syslog
timestamp if it is present. Depending on the syslog RFC used the message will
have a format like one of these:

`<189> Jun 18 10:55:50 host CEF:0|Elastic|Vaporware|1.0.0-alpha|18|Web request|low|eventId=3457 msg=hello`

`<189>1 2021-06-18T10:55:50.000003Z host app - - - CEF:0|Elastic|Vaporware|1.0.0-alpha|18|Web request|low|eventId=3457 msg=hello`

In both cases the integration will use the syslog timestamp as the `@timestamp`
unless the CEF data contains a device receipt timestamp.

The Elastic Agent's `decode_cef` processor is applied to parse the CEF encoded
data. The decoded data is written into a `cef` object field. Lastly any Elastic
Common Schema (ECS) fields that can be populated with the CEF data are
populated.

## Pre-Processors

There are cases where incoming CEF messages do not follow the CEF specification exactly, and this can cause errors with
message decoding. To work around this, there is an option for pre-processors, which are run before the CEF message is decoded.
These can be used modify the message to follow the CEF specification correctly, which will allow proper decoding.

The pre-processors will modify the `message` field before CEF decoding is done on the agent, but the original, non-preprocessed,
message will still be preserved in the `event.original` field when the agent sends the event.

## Logs


**Exported fields**

| Field | Description | Type |
|---|---|---|
| @timestamp | Event timestamp. | date |
| cef.device.event_class_id | Unique identifier of the event type. | keyword |
| cef.device.product | Product of the device that produced the message. | keyword |
| cef.device.vendor | Vendor of the device that produced the message. | keyword |
| cef.device.version | Version of the product that produced the message. | keyword |
| data_stream.dataset | Data stream dataset. | constant_keyword |
| data_stream.namespace | Data stream namespace. | constant_keyword |
| data_stream.type | Data stream type. | constant_keyword |
| destination.service.name |  | keyword |
| event.dataset | Event dataset | constant_keyword |
| event.module | Event module | constant_keyword |
| input.type | Type of Filebeat input. | keyword |
| log.source.address | Source address from which the log event was read / sent from. | keyword |
| source.service.name |  | keyword |
